"Oblivious/Innocent": Pretending to be innocent and oblivious, usually when teasing or doing acts of exhibitionism.
24/7: an arrangement (typically BDSM related) where roles are 24/7.
2D Only: An expressed preference for 2D drawn erotic material, checking this means that your interests are through the lens of drawn/animated and not real life ("3D").
3+ Penetration: More than one penis/dildo penetrating the same oriface.
Abortion: Arousal from seeing abortions and/or aborted fetuses.
Absorption: Arousal from seeing or being physically or mentally absorbed, typically through vore, transformation, or psychological domination.
Age Difference/Age Gap: Attraction to significant age disparities (10+ years).
Ageplay: General term for roleplay involving things like DDLG, MDLB, CGLRE, ABDL, Age Gap, Age Petplay, etc.
Ahegao: Exaggerated facial expressions made by women during orgasm.
Alcohol Use (Drunkenness): Arousal from alcohol use and drunkenness.
All The Way Through: Penetration from a lower oriface all the way through, exiting through the mouth. Typically seen with monstrous appendages.
Alternative (Emo, Goth, Etc.): Distinct appearance of alternative subcultures from makeup to clothing.
Alternative Hair: Nontraditional hairstyles worn by those in alternative subcultures like dyed colours, mohawks, undercuts, etc.
Alternative Pregnancy: Non-traditional gestation (egg-laying, plant-based, parasitic, etc.).
Alternative Vore: Unusual vore types (cock vore, unbirthing, tail vore, etc.).
Amazoness: Physically robust, tall women. Typically dominant.
Amputees (Acrotomophilia/Apotemnophilia): Attraction towards amputees or arousal from desiring to be/being an amputee.
Anal Fingering: Penetration of the anus with a digit or two.
Anal Fisting: Penetration of a hand or more into an anus.
Anal Hooks: A hook inserted into the anus with a o-ring on the other end to provide some resistance and force a person into a position. Particularly stimulating for the prostate due to the J shape of the hook.
Anal Play: General play involving the anus.
Anal Pregnancy: Impregnation via anal sex (fantasy biology, mpreg, or magic).
Anal Prolapses (Rosebudding): Heavy anal play that results in the rectum prolapsing.
Anal Sex: Penis and/or dildo intercourse with a person's anus.
Anal Vore: Arousal from seeing or being physically or mentally absorbed anally.
Analingus (Rimming): Arousal from the act of oral pleasure to one's anus.
Androgynous: Appearance and behaviour resembling neither primarily feminine or primarily masculine but rather a blend of both.
Androids/Robots: Machines resembling human beings, sometimes made with flesh-like material.
Angels: Heavenly beings, usually with bird-like wings.
Animal Roleplay: A general form of roleplay where an individual plays as an animal.
Animal Transformation: Arousal from transforming or someone being transformed into a non-human animal.
Anonymous/Stranger Sex: Sex involving people who don't know each other.
Anthropomorphs: Attraction towards humanoid animals, hybrid beings, furries, etc.
Ants: Creatures typically associated with formicophilia.
Aphrodisiacs: Substances (real or fantasy) that induce uncontrollable arousal.
Armour Break: Arousal from visible clothing damage from combat or adventuring.
Armpits: Arousal from the area under the arm where the upper arm connects to the shoulder.
Artificial Insemination: Arousal from scenarios involving insertions of sperm into a cervix/uterus, typically medical themed.
ASMR: Arousal from tingling sensations caused by whispers/sounds (Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response).
Asphyxiation (Choking): Arousal from edge play involving the restriction of oxygen.
Ass Growth/Expansion: Arousal from ass enlargement.
Ass Worship: The act of worshiping the ass and anus, touching, kissing, licking, smelling, praising, etc.
Assjobs (Hotdogging): Stimulation of genitals/toys using buttocks.
Athletic: A well toned, fit body built from sports and/or fitness.
Attribute Transfer/Theft: Arousal from voluntary or forced exchange of traits.
Audio Porn (Aural Erotica): Audio only erotica like stories, roleplay (GFE/BFE), ramblefaps, etc.
Augmented Breasts: Arousal from breasts that have been enhanced to be larger and more
Auralism: Arousal from things like ASMR or erotic sounds like wetness, moans, slurps, etc.
Autassassinophilia: Arousal from the risk of being killed, has crossover with autoerotic asphyxiation.
Autoandrophilia: Arousal from the thought or image of themselves as a man.
Autocunnilingus: The impressive act of giving oneself cunnilingus.
Autoerotic Asphyxiation: Arousal from self inflicted hypoxia.
Autofellatio: The impressive act of giving oneself a blowjob.
Autogynephilia: Arousal from the thought or image of themselves as a woman.
Autopaizuri: The impressive act of giving oneself a titjob.
Babysitter Theme/RP: Attraction to babysitters either roleplay (sometimes ageplay) or actual babysitters.
Bad Ends: Arousal from 'bad end' scenarios such as permanent enslavement, noncon transformation, etc.
Bald/Shaved: Hairless heads or closely shaved scalps.
Ball Growth: Arousal from testicular enlargement, typically through transformation.
Ball Worship: The act of worshiping the balls and scrotum by sucking, touching, kissing, licking, smelling, praising, etc.
Ball-Busting: Arousal from being busting balls, or being ball-busted, which is the act of striking the balls with hands, feet, or other objects like boots.
Balloon Fetish (Looner): Arousal from balloons, including inflating, popping, or interacting with them, typically in a sensory fashion.
Bandages (Sarashi): The eroticism of strips of cloth used for wound care or compression.
Barebacking: The act of sex without a condom.
BBC: Arousal from big black cocks and dildos resembling them.
BBW/BHM: Attraction to plus sized partners (Big Beautiful Women, Big Handsome Men).
Beautiful Agony: The face of a person while orgasming.
Bed Wetting: Arousal from wetting the bed or the act of someone wetting the bed.
Begging: The act of a submissive (typically) begging during play for things like orgasm permission, pleasure, etc.
Belly Play: Arousal from activities focused on the stomach/belly area, often in a sensual or aesthetic way.
Bellyjobs: a sexual act where the penis is thrust between or against a person's belly.
Bestiality: Sexual acts with non-human animals.
Big Clits: Arousal from notably large clitorises that are twice the size of average clitorises.
Big Lips: Arousal from full, prominent lips.
Bimbofication: Arousal from transformations into a hyper-sexualized, "dumb blonde" stereotype.
Birthing: Arousal from scenarios involving birth or the act of birthing itself.
Bisexual/Gay Encouragement: Scenarios where someone is persuaded, seduced, or "converted" into bisexuality, often through roleplay, hypnosis, etc.
Bisexual/Gay Humiliation: Arousal from humiliation of one's gay or bi sexuality.
Bitch Correction: The act of punishing and dominating a woman (typically) who is perceived as mean, aggressive, difficult, or domineering (bitch), entails a bit of misogyny.
Biting: Arousal from biting or being bitten by your partner during play.
Blackmail: Arousal from scenarios in which someone is coerced into doing something sexual by threatening to reveal secrets or harmful information.
Blasphemy (Hierophilia): Arousal from blasphemous sexual activities.
Blind: Attraction to people with the sense of sight, or arousal from being blind.
Blindfolds: Accessory used to obscure vision during play.
Blondes: Individuals with light yellow or golden hair.
Blood Play: Arousal from sexual scenarios involving blood play.
Blowjobs (Fellatio): Stimulation of genitals/toys using mouth.
Blueberry Girls: Arousal from scenarios involving blueberry girls and transformations into such. (Yes. The ones from the Chocolate Factory).
BNWO: Fetishization of a "Black New World Order" society, involving QOS (white women only having sex with black men), humiliation of white men, and white subservience to black men.
Body Betrayal: Scenarios in which one's body is aroused when they don't want to be, typically in the cases where the arouser is not desired.
Body Part Transformation: Arousal from body parts being transformed in general.
Body Swapping: A fantasy or scenario where two (or more) people exchange bodies, often explored in fiction, erotica, or roleplay.
Bodywriting: Arousal from written or drawn text on someone's skin, often in a submissive way.
Bondage (Heavy): Arousal from extreme restraint play involving tight, complex, or prolonged immobilization.
Bondage (Light): Arousal from light restraint play involving loose cuffs, simple rope ties, etc.
Boots: Arousal from boots (e.g. leather, military, thigh high, or work boots).
Boss and Secretary: Arousal from scenarios involving the power dynamic between boss and secretary.
Bottom Heavy Boys: Attraction to boys that have a triangle body shape; wide lower bodies, hips, thighs, and legs.
Braces: Orthodontic devices often associated with youth, innocence, nerdy, submissive, and nerdy tropes.
Brain Drain: Arousal from scenarios involving mental "draining" (e.g. one person becoming dumber while another gains their intellect). Common in hypnosis, mind control, or transformation fetishes.
Branding: Marking a submissive (via hot/cold branding, tattoos, or symbolic marks) to signify ownership.
Brat Taming: A flavour of dominant that enjoys taming a brat (defiant submissive) with punishments for defiant behaviour.
Bratting: A flavour of submissive that is defiant and talks back to their dominant (the brat tamer), leading to punishment (taming).
Brazilian Butt Lifts: Arousal from buttocks that have been enhanced to be more rounded and voluminous.
Breast Growth/Expansion: Arousal from the fantasy or simulation of enlarging breasts.
Breast Smothering: Arousal from being smothered by breasts.
Breast Vore: Arousal from being swallowed or enveloped by breasts.
Breast Worship: The act of worshiping breasts by sucking, touching, kissing, licking, praising, etc.
Breasts (Big): Larger than average sized breasts.
Breasts (Flat): Little to no visible breast tissue.
Breasts (Huge): Larger breasts than big, think H+ cups.
Breasts (Large Areolas): Breasts with large areolas (the darker area around the nipple).
Breasts (Perky): Firm, upright breasts with nipples that point forward with minimal sagging.
Breasts (Sagging): Breasts that hang lower on the chest, often with nipples pointing downward.
Breasts (Small): Modest sized breasts.
Breasts (Swollen): Breasts that feel full, enlarged, or tight, often because of hormonal changes, fluid retention, or stimulation.
Breathplay: A type of high risk edge play where oxygen is restricted during sexual activity through choking or tools.
Breeding/Impregnation: Arousal from fantasies about pregnancy or conception. It can appear in various forms of media, including erotica, roleplay, or adult content.
Bro-Fication: Arousal from seeing or undergoing a transformation into a "bro" (a hyper-masculine, frat-like persona).
Bruising/Bruises: Arousal from discoloration of the skin caused by impact, often associated with BDSM or rough play.
Bug Chasing: A fetish where individuals seek to contract sexually transmitted infections (STIs), particularly HIV.
Bukkake: Multiple people ejaculating on one person, typically the face or body.
Bullies: Attraction towards bullies.
Bullying: Arousal from scenarios involving bullying or being bullied.
Burps: Arousal from burping or others burps.
Bursting (Cum, Eggs, Etc.): Arousal from things bursting, such as ejaculation, egg-breaking, or inflation play.
Busty Boys: Male-presenting individuals with large breasts.
Cannibalism/Meatslaves (Consensual): Arousal from consensual cannibalism or being treated as "meat".
Cannibalism/Meatslaves (NC): Arousal from forced cannibalism or being treated as "meat".
Castration: Arousal from the fantasy or actual act of castration.
Casts: Arousal from individuals wearing casts or play involving casts.
Catfights: Erotic and non-erotic fights between women.
Cats (Felines): Attraction to cats.
Celebrities: Sexual fixation on famous figures.
Cervix Penetration: Specialized penetration focusing on cervical contact.
CGL/DD/Lg: Arousal from nurturing ageplay dynamic (Adult Baby/Diaper Lover to mild "little space")
Chastity Play: Play with chastity belts and cages, typically with a dominant in charge of the keys.
Cheating (Homewrecking/Affair): Arousal from sexual relations with a taken person (adulterer) without their partner knowing.
Cheating (Infidelity): Arousal from sexual relations with someone else other than your partner, without them knowing.
Cheerleaders: Arousal from the playful, performative, or corruptible archetype of cheerleaders, often involving uniform fetishism or power dynamics.
Children (Pedophilia): Attraction to prepubescent children.
Claustrophilia: Arousal from confined spaces (e.g. boxes, cages) or restrictive scenarios.
Cleavage: Arousal from partially exposed breasts (e.g. Sideboob, underboob, boob window, etc.).
Clones: Attraction to identical or multiple versions of a partner (real or roleplayed).
Clothed Female Nude Male (CFNM): A dynamic where a woman remains fully dressed but at least one man is naked during play.
Clothed Male Nude Female (CMNF): A dynamic where a man remains fully dressed but at least one woman is naked during play.
Clothed Sex: Arousal from partial clothing during sex, emphasizing contrast, texture, or delayed access.
Clothes Break: Arousal from forcefully tearing or destroying clothing, often as part of primal or CNC play.
Clothes Sharing: Arousal from sharing clothes, typically from scent or light dominance.
Clothing Entrapment: Arousal from restriction kink where clothing becomes bondage (e.g. stuck in zippers, vacuum sealed outfits).
Clowns (Coulrophilia): Arousal from clown imagery or personas.
Cock And Ball Torture (CBT): Arousal from pain and/or constriction to male genitals, like squeezing, ball busting, tickle torture, wax play, etc.
Cock Fucking: The act of a penis/strap penetrating another penis through it's urethra.
Cock Milking: The act of stimulating a penis with the intention of extracting a significant amount of ejaculate. This act has a dynamic in which the person being "milked" is either being serviced or dominated, but typically in a bottom position at mercy of the "milker".
Cock Shock: The moment when a penis is revealed and the person is shocked, overwhelmed by the girth, length, and sometimes scent of the intimidating member presented to them.
Cock Shrinking: Arousal from fantasies or simulations of penile reduction in size.
Cock Slapping: Slapping and/or being slapped with a penis.
Cock Transformation: Arousal from transformations where one is transformed into a penis.
Cock Vore: Arousal from the idea of being consumed by a penis.
Cock Warming: The act of inserting a penis into a partner and then remaining still.
Cock Worship: The act of worshiping a penis by sucking, touching, kissing, licking, smelling, praising, etc.
Cocks (Cut): Refers to circumcised penises.
Cocks (Large): Penises with above average length and girth.
Cocks (Small): Penises with below average length and girth.
Cocks (Uncut): Refers to uncircumcised penises.
Coercion (Positional): Arousl from scenarios where power imbalance is abused to coerce a person into sexual activity.
Collars/Chokers: An accessory worn around the neck as a reminder of the submissive's role, sometimes worn in public in the form of a day collar.
Conjoinment/Merging: Arousal from physically merging bodies, often symbolizing extreme intimacy or loss of individual identity.
Consensual Non-Consent (CNC): Rape play, but consensual with safe words and aftercare.
Contortionism: Arousal from extreme body flexibility, often merged with bondage.
Cooking Vore: Arousal from being cooked/eaten (or preparing others as food).
Correction/Punishment: Consensual practices where a dominant enforces rules or behaviour through consequences or structured reinforcement.
Corruption: Arousal from scenarios of "moral degradation" or being "led astray."
Cosplay: Arousal from character roleplay from media (anime, games, comics).
Couple Submission: A couple sharing submission to a third partner (the dominant), obeying together.
Cousin Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between cousins.
Creampie/Internal Cumshots: The act of ejaculating into an oriface.
Creepshotting (NC): Taking sexually suggestive or explicit photos/videos of others without their consent. Anything from upskirts, cleavage, tight clothing, to planted cameras in vulnerable spaces.
Criminals (Hybristophilia): Sexual attraction to people who commit violent or criminal acts, especially notorious criminals (e.g. serial killers, gangsters, etc.).
Crossdressers/Traps: Sexual attraction to crossdressers/traps. (Not to be confused with femboys or trans-women).
Crossdressing: Arousal from the act of crossdressing.
Crushing (Live Creatures): Arousal from crushing or seeing live animals be crushed.
Crushing (Objects): Arousal from crushing or seeing inanimate objects, foodstuffs, or substances be crushed.
Cryptids: Attraction towards mythical, elusive creatures (e.g. Bigfoot, Mothman, Chupacabra).
Cubs: Child-like and/or underage anthromorphized (furry) characters.
Cuckolding/Cuckqueaning (Humiliation/NTR): Arousal from one's partner engaging in sexual activity with others, with elements of humiliation.
Cuddling: Close affectionate bodily contact whilst lying together.
Cuffs: Restraint tools used to bind the wrists or ankles of a submissive (typically) and restrict them into a position.
Cum Addiction: An addiction to cum in general or a specific individuals cum.
Cum Bath: A large tub of cum with a person 'bathing' in it.
Cum Collecting: The collection of cum into containers.
Cum Eating (Gokkun): The consumption of cum, either directly ejaculated or from collected containers.
Cum Eating Instructions (CEI): Cum eating instructions, a directive to consume one's own semen, often as part of humiliation or obedience play.
Cum Enemas: Arousal from cum being inserted into the anus via a device.
Cum Fetish: Arousal from cum in general.
Cum Filled Condoms: Condoms filled with cum, typically worn on a person to showcase how many ejaculations have been extracted OR eaten from by particularly kinky or humiliated individuals.
Cum From Mouth/Nose: Cum leaking from one's mouth and nose, caused from oral creampies/throatpies.
Cum in Mouth (CIM): A focus on the act of ejaculation in the mouth, often tied to submission and ownership.
Cum Inflation (Heavy): Arousal from extreme volumes of semen filling an individual's body.
Cum Inflation (Light): Arousal from a notable amount of semen filling an individual's body.
Cum Into Food/Drinks (NC): Ejaculation into or onto food which is then consumed unknowingly and without consent.
Cum Into Food/Drinks: Ejaculation into or onto food which is typically then consumed.
Cum on Clothes: Ejaculations onto clothing, especially erotic or kinky clothing.
Cum Sharking (NC): The criminal activity of ejaculating on strangers in public typically in a stealthy way.
Cum Swapping: The activity of swapping semen from one mouth to another, usually through kissing or spitting into an open mouth.
Cum Tributes: The activity of cumming on an image of a person, hentai, celebrity, etc. to "sexually tribute" it.
Cunnilingus: The act of orally stimulating the vulva and clitoris.
Cunt Busting: Arousal from busting cunts, or being cunt-busted, which is the act of striking the vagina and clitoris with hands, feet, or other objects like boots.
Cuntboys: Individual who identifies as male or masculine but retains their vulva/vagina
Cutting: Arousal from edge play involving knives and blood.
Cyborgs: Robot human hybrids, partially biological, partically synthetic, unlike androids which are fully synthetic.
Damsel In Distress: Arousal from scenarios involving women needing rescue.
Dark Skin: Rich, deep skin tones with significant amounts of melanin.
Deepfakes (NC): AI generated porn of others without their permission and/or knowing.
Defilement: Arousal from the act of "soiling" purity, whether physical, spiritual, or social. Typically intersects with corruption, degradation, or taboo violations.
Deflowering: The act of taking one's virginity.
Deformations: Arousal and attraction to individuals with deformations.
Degradation: Being reduced or reducing a person through verbal insults or humiliating acts.
Dehumanization: Arousal from an individual being degraded to a less-than-human level.
Demons: General group for underworld denizens, including succubi and incubi.
Destructive Pregnancies: Arousal from dangerous pregnancies, like body horror/monster pregnancies.
Diaper Lover: Arousal from wearing diapers, and/or soiling them too. Typically tied to ageplay.
Dick Nagas: Nagas (mythical snake-human hybrids) with phallic anatomy.
Dicknipples: Arousal from breasts in which the nipples are instead penises.
Digestion Vore: Arousal from vore where the prey is digested.
Dildos (Beastly): Arousal from the use of dildos that resemble non-human animal genitalia or fictional beast genitalia. (e.g. Bad Dragon, etc.).
Dildos (Human): Arousal from the use of dildos that resemble human genitalia.
DILFs: Older, attractive men who are also fathers or father-like.
Dirty Clothes: Arousal from clothes that have been worn by someone and have not been washed.
Dirty Feet: Arousal from feet that are visually dirty from walking barefoot.
Dirty Shoes: Arousal from shoes that have been significantly worn by someone.
Dirty Socks/Legwear: Arousal from socks and/or legwear that have been worn by someone and have not been washed.
Dirty Talk: Arousal from sexually explicit language ranging from subtle teasing to graphic descriptions of desires, or acts.
Dirty Underwear/Panties: Arousal from underwear that has been worn by someone and has not been washed.
Dirty/Unwashed Genitals: Arousal from genitals that haven't been washed for a notable amount of time.
Disabilities: Attraction towards physical or mental disabilities.
Disdain/Defiance: Arousal from bratty behaviour and power struggles.
Divinities: Holy beings nearly beyond our comprehension.
Dogs (Canines): Attraction to dogs.
Doll/Toy Transformation: Arousal from transformations where one is turned into a lifeless doll or toy.
Dolls (Non Genital Humanoids): Humanoids without genitals.
Dominance: Arousal from dominating a submissive through leading and controlling them.
Dorses: Attraction to mid-transformation human-horse hybrids.
Double Penetration: Two penises/dildos penetrating the same oriface.
Dragons: Attraction to the mythical, legendary creatures known as dragons.
Driders: Attraction to taur-like drow that are spider from the waist down.
Drowning: Arousal from drowning or seeing others drown.
Dry Humping: A type of outercourse where genitals rub against each other or holes during humping, without any penetration, and with or without clothes.
Dryads: Attraction to tree nymphs or nature spirits.
Dubious Consent (Dubcon): Arousal from scenarios where consent is ambiguous, coerced, or implied.
Dwarves: Attraction to stout, hardy humanoids, typically depicted as strong, rugged, and crafty.
Ear Play: Arousal from playing with ears seductively.
Early Teenagers (Hebephilia): Attraction to early teenagers, all of which are minors.
Edging: The act of stopping stimulation when near the brink of an orgasm for oneself or their partner, typically in order to control, enhance, and prolong orgasm.
Elastic: Arousal from elastic materials and clothing.
Electrostimulation: Arousal from sexual stimulation via electric currents, typically using specialized toys.
Elves: Mythical, proud, often beautiful, humanoid creatures which typically have an affinity for nature and live long lives. Contrasted with orcs.
Emasculation: Arousal from the act of being reduced or reducing someone's masculinity an
Embarrassed Naked/Nude Female (ENF): Arousal from seeing a woman experience embarrassment, shyness, or humiliation while being naked or partially nude in non-sexual or socially awkward situations such as a lost bet or wardrobe malfunction.
Emotionless/Cold: Lacking emotion, especially during a sexual activity.
Encasement/Enclosure: Arousal from scenarios involving total enclosure in general.
Enemas: Arousal from the injection of fluids into the rectum.
Erotic Literature/Visual Novels: Written or interactive stories with explicit sexual content, ranging from romance to extreme fetishes.
Erotic Roleplay (ERP): Text-based roleplaying with sexual themes.
Excessive Cum: Abnormally large volumes of semen, often exaggerated beyond biological limits for erotic effect.
Exhibitionism: Arousal from being seen doing sexual acts or the risk of being caught doing sexual acts, ranging from mild to extreme.
Face Slapping: Arousal from slapping and/or being slapped.
Facefuck/Throatfuck: One partner (often the dominant) thrusts their penis into the other’s mouth/throat, controlling the pace and depth.
Facejobs/Lipjobs: Stimulation of genitals/toys using someone's face and/or lips.
Facesitting: Arousal from erotic smothering (one sits on the other's face).
Facial Abuse: Arousal rough oral sex where the receiver is degraded through aggressive face-fucking, spitting, or verbal humiliation.
Facials: Arousal from the act of a face being ejaculated on.
Fairies/Pixies/Nymphs: Small mythological magical humanoids that can typically fly.
Fan Appreciation: Performers, content creators, or adult industry professionals showing gratitude to their fans through sex.
Fangs: Long pointy teeth associated with vampires, animals, and some anime characters.
Fannypacking: Carrying someone around the body like a fanny pack.
Fantasy Theme/RP: Arousal from typical "fantasy" scenarios and themes (e.g. heroes, dragons, pseudo-medieval, magic, etc.).
Farts/Onara (Eproctophilia): Arousal from farts, either ones own or someone elses, things like the smell, sound, or act.
Fat/Chubby: A rounder, softer body shape with more body fat.
Father Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between father and adult child.
Fear Play: Arousal from fear responses.
Feederism/Stuffing: Arousal from feeding/being fed to excess.
Feet (Foot Fetish): Arousal from feet and various aspects of feet: toes, soles, shape, size, appearance, etc.
Felching: The act of eating semen out of a person's anus.
Female Assisted Rape: Arousal from scenarios where a woman facilitates assault.
Female Envy: Arousal from jealousy between women revolving around body (breasts and ass especially) and sexual appeal, typically involving mogging.
Female Masturbation: Female self stimulation.
Femboys: Boys that adopt traditionally feminine behaviour, clothing, or interests.
Femdom (Gentle): A softer, nurturing form of domination carried out by a woman. Your caring "mommy dom". Affectionate control with lots of praise and little degradation. Aftercare is always expected.
Femdom: Domination carried out by a woman, anywhere from leashes to ball-busting to verbal humiliation. Aftercare is not guaranteed.
Feminine: Appearance and behaviour associated with traditional ideas of womanhood.
Femporn (Yumejoshi): Erotic straight content made for a female audience, typically made by women. Usually the male is attractive and is the focus.
Fighting/Wrestling: Arousal from non-erotic wrestling.
Filth (Mysophilia): Arousal from dirt, bad breath, body odors, dirty bathrooms, mud, etc.
Findom: A power dynamic where a submissive (paypig/finsub) gives money or gifts to a dominant (findom/findomme) as an act of submission.
Fingering: Penetration of an oriface with a digit or two.
Fingers In Mouth: Arousal from fingers being put in one's mouth, usually for soft domination or light sensory play.
Fire Play: Sexual practices involving fire, typically in a BDSM context.
Flashing/Cyberflashing (NC): Arousal from the exhibitive act of exposing one's genitals or breasts to a stranger. This is indecent exposure.
Flatten Transformation: Being squished (cartoonishly or horrifically) into 2D or pancake-like forms.
Fluffing: The act of sexually stimulating a male (usually a bull or dominant partner) to help him achieve or maintain an erection.
Food Play (Sitophilia): Arousal from play involving food, typically pairing with messy/sensory play.
Food Transformation: Arousal from transformations where one is turned into an edible item (sentient or not) or merging with food.
Foot Dust/Shavings: Arousal from discarded foot dust or foot shavings (usually from a dominant)  for the purpose of humiliation, consumption, submission, and rituals. Possession of the "essence" is notably appealing and always worth purchasing.
Foot Dust/Shavings: Arousal from discarded foot dust or foot shavings (usually from a dominant) for humiliation, consumption, submission, and ritualistic purposes. Possession of the "essence" is notably appealing and always worth purchasing.
Foot Smothering: The act of covering or having one's face and/or mouth covered with feet, typically as a form of domination or humiliation, but sometimes just for a sensory experience.
Foot Worship: Arousal from the act of worshiping feet by sucking, touching, kissing, licking, smelling, praising, etc.
Footjobs: Stimulation of genitals/toys using feet.
Forced Drooling: An act where a person is made to drool, often as part of humiliation, sensory play, or power dynamic.
Forced Feeding: Arousal from compelling or being compelled to eat/drink beyond one's limits, typically as humiliation or feederism related.
Forced Feminization/Sissification: Arousal from making or being made (consensually) to adopt hyper-feminine traits, often as humiliation.
Forced Nudity: Arousal from being stripped or kept naked against one's will.
Forced Orgasms/Orgasm Torture: A consensual practice where one partner is repeatedly stimulated to orgasm beyond
Forehead Kisses: Gentle kisses of another on their forehead.
Foreign Accents: Attraction towards individuals with accents foreign from one's own.
Foreskin Play: Play ranging from stretching to tongue to finger caressing the foreskin.
Foul Scents (Bromidrophilia): Arousal from foul body scents and odors. (smegma,a natural body fluid produced to regulate body temperature.
Fraternity & Sorority Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios involving fraternity or sorority members.
Freckles: Small pigmented spots on the skin.
Free Use: a consensual arrangement where an individual can be engaged in sexual activities at any time within terms.
Frotteurism/Chikan (NC): Arousal from touching others inconspicuously (e.g. brushing against strangers, espcially in crowded public transport) without their consent. This is sexual assault.
Frotting (Consensual): The act of rubbing genitals together without penetration.
Fuckplants: Anthropomorphic plants (or plant-like creatures).
Furries (Avian): Anthropomorphic bird characters (avian animals with human traits).
Furries (Fictional): Anthropomorphic fictional characters (fictional species with human traits, e.g. protogens, sergals, etc.).
Furries (Fish): Anthropomorphic fish characters (aquatic animals with human traits).
Furries (General): Anthropomorphic animal characters (animals with human traits) in general.
Furries (Hybrids): Anthropomorphic hybrid characters (hybrid species with human traits, e.g. wolf-dragon, fox-cat, etc.).
Furries (Invertebrates): Anthropomorphic invertebrate characters (invertebrate animals with human traits).
Furries (Scalies): Anthropomorphic reptillian characters (reptillian animals with human traits).
Furry Sex (Yiffing): Furries having sex, typically in fursuits or virtual furry avatars.
Furry Vore: Anthropomorphic animals (furries) as the subjects of vore, either as predators, prey, or both.
Futa Monstergirls: Humanoid females with monstrous traits and both male and female genitalia.
Futa on Non Futa: Futanari individuals having sex with non-futanari individuals.
Futanari: Feminine presenting individuals with both male and female genitalia.
Gagging: Arousal from being made to gag or making someone gag, typically with a penis, toy, hand, or foot.
Gags: Tools used to restrict speech, emphasize a dynamic, and sometimes to produce drool.
Gangbang By Smaller: Sex involving more than 4 people, typically with one individual being used by the smaller statured rest.
Gangbangs: Sex involving more than 4 people, typically with one individual being used by the rest.
Gaping/Gape: Arousal from visibly stretched or open orifices.
Gas Masks: Arousal from play involving gas masks or similar masks, typically for it's appearance and as a form of breath play.
Gay (Yaoi/Boys Love): Arousal from romantic/sexual relationships and acts between men.
Gender Transformation: Arousal from transformations of one’s gender.
Genderbending: Role reversal or alteration of a character’s gender.
Genies: Wish-granting beings, entails some level of power dynamic.
Genital Growth: Arousal from exaggerated, enlarged genitalia.
Genital Smothering: Arousal from the type of breath play involving suffocation with genitals.
Gentle Dominance: Dominance with a nurturing, affectionate approach (soft power exchange).
Ghosts: Supernatural eroge involving spirits (possessive, intangible, or spectral play).
Giantess (Cruel): A giant woman dominating, terrorizing, or destroying tiny beings (often cities or people) with malicious intent.
Giantess (Gentle): A nurturing, protective giantess who cares for tinies, maternal, romantic, or playful.
Giantess (Growth): A woman becoming giant, stretching clothes, buildings crumbling, power surges.
Giantess (Unaware): The giantess is oblivious to tiny people around her, causing accidental havoc.
GILFs: Much older, attractive women who are also grandmothers.
Gingers/Redheads: Individuals with red or orange toned hair.
Girlcock: Attraction and arousal from penises on trans women.
Glasses: The look of a person wearing prescription and/or non-prescription glasses.
Gloryhole: Sexual activities between strangers (usually) involving a hole in a wall, often between public toilet cubicles or in the back of adult stores.
Gloves: Hand coverings made of fabric, leather, latex, or other materials.
Goblins: Mischievous, often grotesque creatures from folklore, fantasy, and modern media.
Gooners: Male gooners, men in a pleasure focused, meditative, trance-like state through extended edging, typically with an obsessive focus on porn or stimulation.
Goonettes: Female gooners, women in a pleasure focused, meditative, trance-like state through extended edging, typically with an obsessive focus on porn or stimulation.
Gooning: The act of being in a pleasure focused, meditative, trance-like state through extended edging, typically with an obsessive focus on porn or stimulation.
Gore/Impalement: Arousal from depicted or real instances of gore or impalement.
Grandparent Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between grandparent and adult grandchild.
Groping (Consensual): Arousal from groping another.
Groping (NC): Arousal from groping another, without their consent, typically in public crowded area. (e.g. concerts, trains, etc.).
Grotesque Beings (Teratophilia): Attraction to monstrous, deformed, or supernatural creatures, ranging from mythical beasts to horror entities.
Group Sex (3+): Sex involving more than two people.
Gum Chewing: Arousal from chewing gum or gum chewing.
Gunplay: Edge play involving a loaded and/or unloaded gun.
Gyaru/Ganguro: Japanese fashion subcultures that emerged in the 1990s–2000s, characterized by bold, exaggerated aesthetics, deep tans, bright makeup, and flashy outfits.
Gym Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios involving the gym or workouts.
Hair (Armpits): Notable hair on the armpits, appealing for a more natural, earthy appearance, and particularly rebellious to cultural norms when on femmes.
Hair (Arms): Notable hair on the arms, appealing for maturity/masculinity (e.g. hairy forearms on labourers)
Hair (Chest): Notable hair on the chest, appealing for maturity/masculinity (e.g. bears, daddy doms, etc.)
Hair (Facial): Notable hair on the face, appealing for the sensory stimulation and more masculine appearance.
Hair (Legs): Notable hair on the legs, appealing for a more natural, earthy appearance, and particularly rebellious to cultural norms when on femmes.
Hair Brushing: The slow, deliberate brushing of someone’s hair.
Hair Pulling: Arousal from rough play where one partner pulls the other’s hair.
Hairjobs: Stimulation of genitals using someone's hair.
Hand Holding: A disturbingly pure, yet intimate act. God is watching.
Handjobs: Stimulation of genitals/toys using hands.
Hands (Quirofilia): Arousal from hands in general, nothing specific like choking.
Hard Vore: Arousal from graphic, often violent depictions of being eaten or eating others. Contrasts with soft vore, which is gentler and may omit digestion.
Harems: A polyamorous or power-based dynamic where one person has multiple devoted partners, often with hierarchical or gendered roles.
Harpies: Mythological creatures with the head and torso of a woman and the wings, talons, and tail of a bird.
Hate Sex: Sex fueled by mutual animosity, tension, or unresolved conflict rather than affection.
Headless/Dullahan: Attraction to headless creatures and individuals and arousal involving them.
Headpats: Small pats on someone's head, typically as a show of affection, can be a a soft display of control.
Heat/Rut: Horniness caused by biological cycle to mate and reproduce, typically during a breeding season.
Heels: Arousal from women's heels and how they look when worn.
Hentai (Anime/Manga/Games): Japanese 2D animated erotic media.
Heroes/Heroines: Arousal from scenarios involving heroes/heroines and attraction to them.
Hidden Vibrators: Vibrating toys that pleasure someone while being hidden from others.
Hiveminds: Arousal from shared consciousness, collective control, and/or loss of individual identity.
Hole Training/Stretching: Gradually increasing one's ability to take a large object into their vagina and/or anus.
Horse Cocks: 100 cm (39.4 inch) long horse penises.
Horsecock Futas: Futas but with those massive horse dongs.
Horses (Equiphilia): Attraction to horses.
Hot Gluing: The act of cumming on figurines, typically of scantily clad anime women.
Hucow: Arousal from cow roleplay or a human with cow attributes/behaviour.
Hugs: Arousal from the simple affectionate embrace of a hug.
Human Furniture (Forniphilia): Using or being used as furniture (typically as something to sit on.)
Human Vore: Arousal from eating or being eaten by humans. Focuses on the power, sensation, or intimacy of swallowing/eating another being, typically in a non-fatal, often eroticized manner.
Humanoids: General attraction to human-like beings with minor non-human traits. (e.g. elves, robots, aliens, etc.)
Humiliation Censorship: Arousal from denying or being denied sexual content of a video or image by digital censors.
Humiliation Transformation: Arousal from a physical, social, or psychological transformation that degrades or embarrasses.
Humiliation: Arousal from humiliation in general ranging from verbal to tasks to acts.
Husky: A stocky, heavier than average build, often entailing notable muscle.
Hyper Asses: Arousal from hyper asses, exaggerated to hyper proportions, but still not macro.
Hyper Balls: Arousal from hyper testicles, exaggerated to hyper proportions, but still not macro.
Hyper Cocks: Arousal from hyper cocks, exaggerated to hyper sizes, but still not macro.
Hyper Fat: Arousal from hyper body weights, exaggerated to hyper amounts, but still not macro.
Hyper Lactation: Arousal from hyper lacation, the amounts of milk being exaggerated to hyper volumes, but still not macro.
Hyper Muscle/Muscle Growth: Arousal from hyper muscles and muscle growth, exaggerated to hyper proportions, but still not macro.
Hyper Pregnancy: Arousal from hyper pregnancies, exaggerated to hyper proportions, but still not macro.
Hyper Prolapse: Arousal from hyper prolapses, exaggerated to hyper proportions, but still not macro.
Hyper Vaginas: Arousal from hyper vaginas, exaggerated to hyper proportions, but still not macro.
Hyper Voluptuous: Arousal from hyper voluptuousness, exaggerated to hyper proportions, but still not macro.
Hyperspermia: Clinically, hyperspermia is consistently ejaculating more than 5.5 mL of semen (average is 1.5–5 mL). In fiction, there are liters of cum, typically paired with cumflation.
Hypnosis: Arousal from being hypnotized or hypnotizing someone else, putting a person or being put under the control of hypnosis.
Idols: Attraction to a kind of entertainer referred to as an idol, typically singers, that have a loyal, parasocial fanbase.
Ignorance (Sexual): Arousal from being or having a play partner who is sexually ignorant.
Ignoring/Uninterested: Arousal from either roleplay or genuine disinterest in the person or sexual activity.
Immobilization (Quicksand, Sticky Substances, etc.): Arousal from seeing/being someone immobilized by a range of different causes from quicksand to slime to sticky substances.
Impact Play: Arousal from being struck or striking someone with hands, feet, or toys like paddles or whips.
Impaired Mobility (Abasiophilia): Attraction to people with impaired mobility, typically people who rely on devices like wheelchairs, casts, braces, crutches, etc.
Incest (Roleplay): Arousal from incestuous roleplay in general.
Inflation (Heavy): Arousal from extreme, exaggerated expansion (e.g. balloon proportions, bursting risks, immobility).
Inflation (Light): Arousal from subtle, moderate expansion. (e.g. slightly bloated belly or fuller curves).
Informality: Arousal from informal sexual activities (e.g. improvised play in ordinary activities).
Insects (Formicophilia): Arousal from insects crawling on or nibbling on them.
Internal Urination: Urinating into/urinated in, typically at the risk of vaginal pH levels when done vaginally.
Interracial: Ethnic or racial difference, typically referring to race and skin colour differences.
Interspecies: Arousal from scenarios involving humans having sex with non-human creatures.
Invisibility: Arousal from scenarios involving the power of invisibility.
Japanese Adult Video (JAV): Japanese adult videos produced in Japan typically featuring Japanese actors, aesthetics, and cultural elements. Notable for it's mosaic censorship due to legal requirements.
Jerk Off Instructions (JOI): Verbal instructions given on how to jerk off and when to orgasm.
Kidnapping (Aggressor): Arousal from kidnapping someone.
Kidnapping (Target): Arousal from being the victim of a kidnapping.
Kissing: The act of pressing one's lips against another person. Can be a type of dominance, submission, reward, or affectionate control.
Kneejobs (Popliteal): Stimulation of genitals/toys using the back of the knees.
Knife Play: Arousal from edge play involving knives.
Knotting: Arousal from a canine male's penis swelling ("knots") inside of a partner to lock them together.
Kuuderes: Individuals (usually in anime) that are cool, calm, and emotionally distant, but are secretly loving.
Lactation: Arousal from breast milk production/feeding.
Lamia/Nagas: Snake-like humanoids (partial or full serpent bodies).
Large Age Difference: Attraction to very significant age disparities (20+ years).
Large Insertions: Arousal from inserting unusually large objects into orifaces.
Latex/Rubber: Arousal from garments or objects made of latex or rubber because of it's sensory appeal.
Leather: Leather clothing/gear (e.g. jackets, pants, harnesses, gloves).
Leg Locking: The usage of legs to prevent a penetrator from pulling out.
Leg Worship: The act of worshiping legs by sucking, touching, kissing, licking, praising, etc.
Legwear: Arousal from legwear in general (e.g. stockings, pantyhose, thigh-highs, garters, leggings, or other leg coverings).
Lesbian (Yuri/WLW): Arousal from romantic/sexual relationships and acts between women.
Lift and Carry: Arousal from being lifted and carried.
Lined Up: Arousal from scenarios where individuals are arranged in a row or sequence for sexual purposes. (e.g. public use, inspection, competition, service line, etc.)
Lip Fillers: Arousal from lips that have been enhanced, resulting in fuller lips.
Lipples: Lips that resemble or are treated like nipples. Sucking, biting, or stimulating them as an erogenous zone.
Liquid Byproducts: Discarded bathwater, piss, spit, or sweat (usually from a dominant) given in a jar for humiliation, consumption, submissive, and ritualistic purposes. Possession of the "essence" is notably appealing and always worth purchasing.
Lisps/Speech Impediments: Attraction towards individuals with lisps and/or speech impediments, typically seen.
Live Escape Vore: Arousal from scenarios where prey is swallowed whole (usually by a predator) but survives and actively tries to escape from inside their body (stomach, womb, etc.).
Living Insertions: Sexual penetration involving living or animate "inserts" (e.g. tentacles, squid, parasites, or fantasy creatures).
Lolicon: Attraction to childlike anime girls.
Long Hair: Hair longer than shoulder length.
Long Tongues: Tongues that are longer than average.
Lost Bets (NTR): Scenarios where a bet is lost and as a result a person's partner has to do something sexual for the winner.
Lost Bets: Scenarios where a bet is lost and as a result a person has to do something sexual.
Lust Murder (Erotophonophilia): Arousal from committing or fantasizing about murder.
Machines (Mechanophilia): Attraction towards machines.
Macro Asses: Arousal from giant asses, exaggerated to massive proportions.
Macro Balls: Arousal from giant testicles, exaggerated to massive proportions.
Macro Breasts: Arousal from giant breasts, exaggerated to massive proportions.
Macro Cocks: Arousal from giant cocks, exaggerated to massive proportions.
Macro Tails: Arousal from giant tails, exaggerated to massive proportions.
Macro Vore: Arousal from vore that involves giants swallowing (typically non-fatally) hundreds, if not thousands, and buildings whole.
Macrophilia: Arousal from extreme size disparities. (e.g. giant and tiny dynamics)
Maggots/Slugs/Worms: Small wriggly, crawling creatures, typically associated with decaying materials.
Magical Girls: Girls with transformation sequences, powers, and cute costumes.
Maids/Housekeepers/Butlers: Attraction to maids/housekeepers/butlers, real or roleplay, and scenarios involving them.
Makeup/Lipstick/Lipgloss: Arousal from the application of makeup, marks from lipstick, and the ruining up of makeup.
Male Envy: Arousal from jealousy between men revolving around penis size, stamina, body image and status, typically involving mogging.
Male Futas: Masculine presenting individuals with both male and female genitalia.
Male Masturbation: Male self stimulation.
Male Pregnancy: Arousal from scenarios involving biologically male individuals conceiving, carrying, and giving birth.
Male/Female Orgasms: Arousal from observing male and/or female orgasms.
Maledom (Gentle): A softer, nurturing form of domination carried out by a man. Your protective "daddy dom". Affectionate control with lots of praise and little degradation. Aftercare is always expected.
Maledom: Domination carried out by a man, anywhere from ropes and cuffs to orgasm control, to verbal humiliation.
Mammals: Attraction to mammals in general.
Mannequins: Attraction to life sized dolls.
Marine Mammals: Attraction to aquatic mammals.
Marking: Arousal from leaving visible signs (bruises, bites, hickeys, or scratches) on a partner's body, typically for the purpose of possession.
Martial Arts Theme/RP: Arousal from martial arts themes and roleplay.
Masculine: Appearance and behaviour associated with traditional ideas of manhood.
Masochism: Arousal from pain and/or humiliation.
Massages: Arousal from massages ranging from casual to sexual.
Master and Slave: A dynamic where one person (slave) surrenders total control to their master/mistress.
Masturbation: Self stimulation either solo or partnered.
Matriarchy: A societal or roleplay dynamic where women hold dominant power.
Mature: Attraction to middle aged individuals. Typically crosses over with MILF/DILF interests.
Medical Theme/RP: Arousal from roleplay scenarios involving doctor/patient dynamics, clinical settings, examinations, treatments, experiments, etc.
Medical/Body Horror: Arousal from surgical themes, body modifications, etc.
Medieval Theme/RP: Arousal from historical themes from medieval times, aspects like knights, royalty, vintage power dynamics, etc.
Menstruation/Period Sex: Menstruation/Period Sex: Sexual activity during menstruation.
Mermaids/Nayades/Nereids/Sirens: Mythlogical half human half aquatic hybrids that are known to seduce seafarers.
Mesugaki: Japanese term meaning a bratty, teasing, or mischievously dominant girl.
Mewtwo Build: A build characterized by small breasts, but a big butt.
Micro Vore: Being shrunk to a tiny size, often in scenarios where the small person is eaten, swallowed, or otherwise consumed.
Microphilia: Arousal comes from being small, also typically includes shrinking.
MILFs: Older, attractive women who are also mothers or mother-like.
Military Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios involving military or soldiers.
Mind Break: Mental overwhelm or loss of control from sex (often non-consensual).
Mind Control: Arousal from being controlled or controlling another’s mind.
Mini Giantess: Attraction to giantesses that are larger than normal but not fully giant (e.g. 213-457cm/7-15ft tall)
Mini Girl/Guy: Attraction to individuals who are very small but not micro. (e.g. 30-90cm/1-3ft tall)
Mirrors (Katoptronophilia): Sexual arousal from mirrors or watching oneself.
Misandry: Eroticized hatred or degradation of men.
Misogyny: Eroticized hatred or degradation of women.
Missionary Sex For Procreation While Holding Hands: Just as God intended.
Mixed Bodyparts: Mismatched or fantastical anatomy (e.g. extra limbs).
Mixed Wrestling: Erotic wrestling between genders, can involve penetration and sex.
Monstergirls: Humanoid females with monstrous traits and alluring traits influenced by the succubus monster lord. Monstergirls range from demihuman (elves) to beastfolk (arachne). They are known for an insatiable lust that pushes them to harvest essence from humans.
Monsters: Broad category of mythical, horror, or fantasy creatures.
Mosaic Censorship: Pixelation or blurring of explicit content (genitals, nudity) to comply with obscenity laws. (Leaving details to imagination).
Mother Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between mother and adult child.
Multiple (3+) Breasts: Attraction to individuals/creatures with more than two breasts.
Multiple Ejaculations: Arousal from repeated or excessive ejaculations in a single session.
Multiple Genitalia: Attraction to individuals/creatures with more than one genitalia.
Multiple Limbs: Attraction to humanoid individuals/creatures with more than two arms/legs.
Multiple Orgasms: Arousal from repeated or excessive orgasms in a single session.
Multiple Tails: Arousal to multiple tails and individuals/creatures with multiple tails.
Mummification/Encasement: Arousal from the act of being fully wrapped and restrained, typically in latex, bandages, or cling wrap.
Muscle Worship: The act of worshiping a person's muscles by touching, kissing, licking, praising, etc.
Muscles/Muscular: Attraction to individuals with visible, developed muscles.
Music (Melolagnia): Arousal from hearing music.
My Little Pony (Clopping): Arousal from sexually explicit content of the show's characters.
Nail Clippings: Arousal from discarded clippings of nails (usually from a dominant) for the purpose of humiliation, consumption, submission, and rituals. Possession of the "essence" is notably appealing and always worth purchasing.
Nails (Onychophilia/Amychophilia): Arousal from nails (especially long) and sometimes being scratched by them.
Natural Body Magic: Arousal from detachable body parts that can still be controlled.
Natural Scents/Musk (Olfactophilia): Arousal from natural body scents and odors,etc.)
Navels (Omphalophilia): Arousal from navels/belly buttons.
Nazism/Fascism: Roleplay involving fascist ideology and nazi power dynamics.
Necrophilia: Attraction to corpses. Sexual acts with dead bodies. Fantasizing about sex acts with corpses.
Needle Play: Arousal from the act of controlled penetration with needles.
Netorare/NTR Type 1 (Infidelity/Seduction): A protagonist (Adulterer) after being seduced or just looking to cheat, engages in sexual relations with another person without their partner knowing (at least initially).
Netorare/NTR Type 2 (Coercion): A protagonist (adulterer) after being coerced, engages in sexual relations with another person without their partner knowing (at least initially).
Netorase/NTS (Hotwifing/Compersion/Stag & Vixen): A protagonist encourages their partner to engage in sexual relations/acts with another, enjoyed by the protagonist. Also called Hotwifing/Hothusbanding, Sharing, Compersion, and Stag & Vixen.
Netori/NTI (Homewrecking): A protagonist engages in sexual relations with a taken person (adulterer) without their partner knowing, typically seducing them.
Newscasters/Reporters: Attraction to the behaviours, aesthetics, and professionalism of news reporters.
Nipple Clamps: Devices meant to apply pressure to nipples for sensation play.
Nipple Teasing: Arousal from stimulation of nipples.
No Nipples: Attraction to breasts without nipples.
Non-Gratifying Pain: Arousal from inflicting pain without sexual pleasure.
Non-Sexual Vore: Arousal from vore without sexual intent. (e.g. protective swallowing).
Noses (Nasophilia): Arousal from noses and nose play.
NPCs: Attraction to Non Player Characters, or arousal from NPCs/roleplay.
Nuns/Holy Women: Attraction to nuns, holy women, real or roleplay, and scenarios involving them.
Nursing Handjob: A type of handjob which the receiver (typically in a laying position) also sucks the breasts of the giver.
Nuru Massage: A full body to full body massage with a lot of lubricant/oil.
Nylons: Arousal from nylon stockings, pantyhose, or tights.
Nymphomaniacs: Attraction towards individuals with "insatiable" sexual desires and/or the roleplay of such.
Obese: A significantly high body fat percentage.
Object/Inanimate Transformation: Arousal from transformations where one is turned into an inanimate object.
Objectification: Arousal from treating or being treated as an object.
Objectophilia: Attraction towards inanimate objects.
Oblivious/Innocent: Arousal from a sexually oblivious and/or innocent partner.
Oculolinctus (Eye Licking): Arousal from licking a partner’s eyeball.
Office Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios revolving around a typical office.
Ohio (State): Arousal from the concept of Ohio.
Oil (Lubricants): Arousal from the look/messiness of oil/lubricant.
Onaholes/Fleshlights: Silicone and plastic toys meant for pleasuring penises.
Onesies: Arousal from playing in a onesie or a partner wearing a onesie.
Oppai Loli: Childlike anime girls with exaggerated, large breasts.
Oral Fixation/Tongue Play: Arousal from oral play, tongue play, and teasing with an object or just hands.
Oral Vore: Arousal to the general concept of being consumed via mouth.
Orcs: A race of humanoid monsters who typically appear brutish, aggressive, and ugly. Contrasted with elves.
Orgasm Control: The act of controlling ones orgasm, typically done by a dominant to a submissive.
Orgasm Denial/Ruin: The act of denying ones orgasm, typically done by a dominant to a submissive.
Orgies: Large groups of people having sex.
Outercourse: Sexual activity that doesn't involve vaginal or anal penetration.
Oviposition/Ovaphilia: Arousal from laying or receiving eggs.
Painal: Arousal from anal sex where pain is the focus.
Painted Nails: Arousal from painted nails and play involving them.
Pale Skin: Very light skin tones with little to no melanin.
Panty Play: Sexual acts performed with a focus on panties.
Panty Stuffing: The act of inserting panties into a bodily orifice, typically the mouth, vagina, or anus.
Pantyjobs: Stimulation of genitals using panties currently worn or taken off.
Paranormal: Arousal from supernatural themed eroticism (e.g. posession, haunted objects, etc.)
Parental Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between parent and adult child.
Pastors/Holy Men: Attraction to pastors, priests, and holy men, real or roleplay, and scenarios involving them.
Patriarchy: A reinforcing dynamic where men hold dominant power.
Pedal Pumping: Arousal from seeing a foot (usually bare) press down on a pedal.
Pee Desperation (Omorashi): Arousal from the desperation of being or seeing someone with the need to pee, usually resulting in an accident.
Pegging: The act of penetrating a person's anus with a strap-on dildo, typically with a D/s dynamic.
Penectomy/Clitorectomy: Arousal from real or simulated genital removal.
Penis/Pussy Pumping: The act of using a device to pump blood into the genitals, giving a swollen look and increasing sensitivity.
Perilous Situations: Arousal from situations where death is imminent, such as timed explosives (blastophilia), tied to train rails, bombgirls, etc.
Petite: A smaller than average overall body size.
Petplay (D/s): A type of animal roleplay D/s power dynamic where one partner takes the role of a pet (human or non-human) under the care/control of an owner.
Petplay: A type of animal roleplay where a person roleplays as a pet (human or non-human), either by themselves or with an owner.
Petrification: Arousal from individuals being turned to stone.
Phimosis: Attraction to penises with phimosis, a penile condition where the foreskin does not retract or retracts very little, only allowing some of the head to be seen.
Phone Sex/Sexting: Erotic communication via calls or text messages, typically with a lot of dirty talk.
Photography/Videography: Capturing images or videos, often erotic/artistic.
Piercings (Stigmatophilia): Sexual arousal from piercings or the act of being pierced.
Plants: Erotic themes involving plants.
Plugs: Insertable toys, most often anal, that plug a hole.
Plushophilia: Attraction to stuffed animals or plush toys.
Pokémon: Attraction towards Pokémon creatures or themes.
Police Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios involving law enforcement (dominance/arrest scenarios).
Political Humiliation: Arousal from being politically humiliated or politically humiliating someone. Political differences are either roleplay or actual. (e.g. Being a conservative and being dominated by a politically progressive dominant or vice versa.)
Poop Desperation: Arousal from seeing or having the urgency of defecation.
Porn Music Videos (PMVs): Community created video compilations that synchronize porn with music, creating porn music videos.
Possession (Takeover): Being controlled or "taken over" by another.
Potion Use: Scenarios involving transformative or mind-altering potions.
Power Exchange: Consensual transfer of control (e.g. D/s dynamics).
Praise Kink: Arousal from verbal affirmation or admiration.
Predator Species: Attraction to predatory creatures (e.g. wolves, bears, etc.)
Predator Vore: Arousal from being the consumer (predator) rather than the consumed (prey). Focuses on the power, sensation, or intimacy of swallowing/eating another being, typically in a non-fatal, often eroticized manner.
Predicament Bondage: Bondage from accidental predicaments. (e.g. getting stuck from crawling through a tunnel)
Pregnancy: Arousal from pregnancy in general, belly play, pregnant sex, being pregnant, etc.
Pregnant Sex: The act of having sex while pregnant or with a pregnant person.
Prey Species: Attraction to prey creatures (e.g. deer, bunnies, etc.)
Prey Vore: Arousal from being the consumed (prey) rather than the consumer (predator). Focuses on the power, sensation, or intimacy of swallowing/eating another being, typically in a non-fatal, often eroticized manner.
Price Of Defeat (Battle Rape): Scenarios where sexual conquest is framed as the spoils of combat.
Primal RP: Raw, animalistic sexuality involving non-verbal communication.
Princesses: Attraction to female pampered royalty.
Princessification: Arousal from the transformation of a person into a princess.
Prison & Jail Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios revolving around prison and jail.
Prostate Milking: Stimulation of the prostate gland for pleasure and to encourage fluid release.
Prostitution: Arousal from the idea of selling/buying sex.
Pubic Hair (Bare/Shaven): The lack of pubic hair usually from shaving/waxing.
Pubic Hair (Bushy/Hairy): The abundance of pubic hair, usually from freely letting it grow.
Pubic Hair (Trimmed): The middle ground of pubic hair, a halfway point between bush and shaven.
Public Sex: Arousal from sex in semi-public or public spaces with a risk of exposure. Typically ties with exhibitionism.
Public Use: Arousal from scenarios which result in a person being sexually used by strangers in public/semi-public spaces.
Pussy Worship: The act of worshiping a pussy by sucking, touching, kissing, licking, smelling, praising, etc.
Pussymouths: Arousal from mouths that resemble vulvas in appearance.
Raceplay: Arousal from sexual activities involving racial stereotypes and racial power dynamics.
Ragdoll/Limp: CNC roleplay state where a submissive becomes physically unresisting (like a doll).
Rape/Date Rape (Aggressor): Arousal from rape from the aggressor's perspective.
Rape/Date Rape (Target): Arousal from rape from the target's perspective.
Reclaiming: The act of having sex with one's partner to emotionally "reclaim" them after they have had sex with another.
Religious Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios revolving around religious activities.
Reorientation: Arousal from the idea or depiction of changing someone's sexual orientation.
Reverse Gloryhole: A gloryhole but an exposed lower half to be used instead of the typical service hole.
Risky Sex: Arousal from sex in dangerous or taboo settings.
Rituals: Arousal from scenarios involving ritual, ceremonial, or occult practices.
Role Reversal: The subversion of traditional gender roles not just in the bedroom, but outside of it as well.
Romance: Arousal from emotional intimacy, love stories, etc.
Rough Sex: Arousal from physically intense sex (e.g. hair pulling, pounding, etc.)
Roughnecks (Labourers): Blue collar, manual labourers. (e.g. construction workers, mechanics, etc.)
Rule 34: Sexual depictions of characters. "If it exists, there is porn of it."
Ryona: Arousal from eroticized beatings and sometimes killings, typically of anime girls.
Sadism: Arousal from inflicting pain/humiliation (physical/psychological), the soulmate to every masochist.
Saliva (Spit And Drool): Arousal from saliva play and messiness.
Same Size Vore: Vore where predator and prey are equally sized.
Scars: Attraction towards people with physical scarring.
Scat (Coprophilia): Arousal from scat play and feces.
Scat (EFRO): Arousal from Erotic Female Relief Observance, which is simply watching a girl shit.
School Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios revolving around a typical school.
School Uniforms: Arousal from school uniforms and scenarios involving them.
Scissoring (Tribadism): Vulva to vulva grinding.
Scrubs: Arousal from scrubs, the sanitary clothing typically worn by workers in patient care
Seduction: Arousal from being tempted or tempting others into sex.
Selfcest/Clones: Engaging in sexual activity with versions of oneself from alternate realities/timelines or just clones.
Sensory Deprivation: The act of blocking vision, sound, gagging, and restricting movement to enhance the feeling of submission and vulnerability.
Sex Dolls/Inflatables: Arousal from sex dolls and inflatable sex partners.
Sex Games: Arousal from physical, verbal, and digital games that are lewd by design, sometimes involving more than one player.
Sex While On Phone: Arousal from scenarios where sex is had while on the phone with an unknowing third party, typically enjoyed for the aspect of hidden sex and/or cheating so close to the fire.
Sexual Frustration: Arousal from sexual neediness caused by unmet sexual release.
Sexual Prizes: Scenarios where sex acts are given as prizes for achieving something.
Sexual Training: Behavioural conditioning like repetition, reward, discipline, protocols, and reinforcement.
Shared Senses: Arousal from scenarios where senses are felt together amongst more than one individual, especially pleasure.
Shoejobs: Stimulation of genitals/toys using shoes currently worn or taken off.
Shoes: Arousal from a focus on typical kinds of shoes either worn or taken off.
Short Hair: Hair cut close to the head at a maximum length of to the shoulders.
Short: Individuals with below average height.
Shotacon: Attraction to childlike anime boys.
Shower Sex: Arousal from sexual activities in the shower.
Shrinking: Arousal from the fantasy of being shrunk, typically pairs with macrophilia.
Sibling Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between brothers and sisters.
Silhouette/Implied: Media or a view that suggests sexual activity through shadows, outlines, or indirect framing (leaving details to imagination).
Size Differences: Arousal from large height/size differences between partners.
Size Theft/Transfer: Arousal from voluntary or forced exchange of size.
Skeletons: Attraction to undead skeletons.
Skinny/Slim: A lean, slender body type with minimal body fat or muscle bulk.
Skinsuit/Bodysuit/Kawamono: Arousal from the roleplay and fantasy of wearing another person's skin and/or body.
Slime/Goo: Arousal from amorphous, wet substances.
Slobs: Arousal from having or interacting with a partner with bad hygiene, typically entailing bad odors and unkempt hair.
Sloppy Seconds: Arousal from having sex with a partner who’s already been penetrated by someone else, with other's fluids still present.
Sloppy: Arousal from wet, messy sexual acts.
Sluts: Attraction to sexually promiscuous individuals.
Small Penis Humiliation (SPH): Humiliation of a smaller penis size, typically with degrading names and size comparisons.
Smegma: A substance accumulated under the foreskin or labia/clitoral hood when genital washing is neglected.
Smoking (Cigarettes): Arousal from smoking and/or seeing others smoke cigarettes.
Smoking (Lung Cancer): Arousal from smoking and/or seeing others smoke cigarettes, with a focus on lung cancer and the encouragement of developing it.
Sneezes/Colds: Arousal from seeing/hearing someone sneeze, cough, or have cold symptoms.
Sobbing/Tears (Dacryphilia): Arousal from crying or distressed emotional states.
Sockjobs: Stimulation of genitals/toys using socks currently worn or taken off.
Socks: Arousal from ordinary modest legwear worn on the feet, typically made of cotton.
Soft Vore: Arousal from being swallowed whole and unharmed, with little to no pain or digestion. Focuses on the power, sensation, or intimacy of swallowing/eating another being, typically in a non-fatal, often eroticized manner.
Somnophilia (Consensual): Arousal from sexual activity with a sleeping or unconscious partner, where all acts are pre-negotiated and consensual.
Somnophilia (NC): Arousal from sexual activity with a sleeping person, where consent has not been received.
Soul Vore: Arousal from consuming or absorbing another being's soul, essence, or life force rather than their physical body.
Sounding/Urethral Play: The insertion of objects (e.g. sounds, rods, or catheters) into the urethra for stimulation, stretching, or medical play.
Spanking: Arousal from being struck on the ass, usually as punishment.
Speculum Play: Arousal from the use of a vaginal or anal speculum to hold open body cavities.
Spitroasting: An act where one person is penetrated simultaneously orally and vaginally/anally (or vaginally + anally) by two partners.
Sports Gear: Arousal from athletic clothing (jockstraps, compression shorts, leggings, etc.) and roleplay involving this gear.
Squirting: The expulsion of fluid (often from the Skene’s glands) during orgasm.
SSBBW/SSBHM: An attraction to super-sized big beautiful women or super-sized big handsome men.
Stealthing (NC): Removal of a condom during sex without consent.
Step Parent Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between step parents and step (adult) children.
Step Sibling Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between step siblings.
Stepfordization: Arousal from the transformation of a (usually woman) person into an obedient, submissive, robotic/emotionless partner.
Stomach Bulging: Arousal from visible distentions of the stomach, usually from sex, but also from pregnancy, inflation, and vore.
Stretchmarks: Arousal from the natural lines on skin from growth, weight change, and pregnancy.
Strictly Professional Sex: Sexual encounters that happen under the guise of professionalism with a cold, transactional tone.
Stripteases: Erotic performances that involve gradual undressing.
Submission: Arousal from submitting and serving a dominant.
Substance/Drug Use: Sexual arousal from intoxication (e.g. drunken sex, aphrodisiacs, MDMA, etc.).
Succubus/Incubus: Demonic humanoids that seduce and feed on sexual energy.
Superheroes/Superheroines: Individuals with superhuman abilities that show up to save the day, typically appealing for defeat scenarios and power theft.
Sweat: Arousal from the smell,scat,seeing others puke,stained fabrics,sweat,taste,unclean substances,urine
Swimsuits/Bikinis: Arousal from wearing or seeing someone wearing swimwear.
Swinging: Consensual non-monogamy where couples engage in sexual activities with other people at swinger parties, clubs, or privately.
Tactical Uniforms: Arousal from tactical gear worn by military, law enforcement, or survivalist inspired clothing. These outfits typically carry a strong aura of dominance,
Tail Sex/Tail Pegging: Penetration of another using one's tail.
Tail Vore: Arousal from being swallowed or consumed by another creature's tail, usually by anthropomorphic beings (e.g. dragons, snakes, or furry characters). Focuses on the power, sensation, or intimacy of swallowing/eating another being, typically in a non-fatal, often eroticized manner.
Tails: Arousal from scenarios involving real, prosthetic, toys, or depicted tails.
Tall: Individuals with above average height.
Tanlines: Arousal from the contrast between tanned and untanned skin.
Tattoos: Arousal some submissives get tattoos (names, symbols, barcodes) to signify belonging to a Dominant.
Taurs (Centaurs/Minotaurs): Human-animal hybrids with the lower body of a horse, anywhere from centaurs, minotaurs, etc.
Taxidermy: Arousal from things to do with preserved or mounted animal bodies.
Teacher and Student: The power dynamic and theme between a teacher and student.
Teasing: Playful, provocative behaviour meant to arouse.
Teenagers (Ephebophilia): Attraction to teenagers, these including mostly minors.
Teeth/Dental (Odontophilia): Arousal from teeth and dental play.
Temperature Play: Hot/cold stimuli to heighten arousal or sensation (e.g. ice cubes or hot wax).
Tentacles: The classic: ol' hentai tentacles.
Testicle Pregnancy: A fetish or fantasy scenario where a man’s testicles swell as if "pregnant,".
Theft (Kleptolagnia): Arousal from theft and thievery.
Thick Cum (Solid Semen): A type of hyper-semen depicted as thick, ropey, and solid like cheese or gelatin.
Thighjobs/Pussyjobs (Intercrural): Stimulation of genitals/toys using thighs.
Thighs: Arousal from thighs in general.
Throat Training: Gradually increasing one's ability to take a large object into their throat.
Throatpies: The act of ejaculation into your/another's throat.
Tickling (Knismolagnia): Arousal from tickling or being tickled. Sensory overload and a power dynamic come into play.
Tight Comfort (Snugness): Arousal from being tightly confined, wrapped, or compressed, often with another.
Tight Fit: Arousal from seeing or wearing tight clothes that hug the body. (e.g. Latex, spandex, vacuum sealed outfits, etc.).
Tiles: Cold, hard, smooth surfaces typically seen in bathrooms.
Timestop: Scenarios where time is paused for sexual activity with motionless partners
Titjobs (Paizuri): Stimulation of genitals/toys using breasts.
Tomboys: Girls that adopt traditionally masculine behaviour, clothing, or interests.
Toothbrushing: Arousal from the act of brushing one's teeth or brushing someones teeth.
Torture (NC): Arousal from inflicting severe pain on someone without their consent.
Tragedies (Symphorophilia): Arousal from simulated or fantasized accidents, disasters, or destructive scenarios.
Trampling: Arousal from erotic foot-based compression of a partner.
Transformation (General): Arousal from transformations in general.
Transgender Admiration (Chasing): Fetishization of trans people, often with objectifying pursuit.
Trypophilia: Arousal from clustered patterns of holes and bumps.
Tsunderes: Individuals (usually in anime) that are outwardly cold or hostile but eventually show a softer, loving side.
Twerking: Arousal from one's rhythmic shaking of their ass.
Twins Incest: Erotic content or fantasies involving sexual relations between twins.
Twins: Attraction to twins and arousal from scenarios involving twins.
Ugly Bastard: Male partner that is perceived as a physically unattractive slob. When paired with a beautiful woman, this kind of male is most appealing for the contrast and forbidden attraction dynamic that it has.
Unbirthing: Arousal from the returning to the womb (often via vaginal reabsorption).
Uncovered Shoulders: Focus on the bare, revealed shoulders as teasing or suggestive.
Undead (Zombies): Reanimated corpses or mindless beings, typically depicted as infectious, decaying, and driven by primal instincts.
Underwear/Lingerie: Arousal from clothing worn beneath outer garments, ranging from functional to highly eroticized designs.
Uniforms: Arousal from outfits worn during sexual activities or uniforms in general.
Unwanted Internal Cumshot: The act of ejaculating into an oriface without permission.
Upskirtting (NC): Arousal from the act of capturing an image or video under a person's skirt.
Vacuum Bed/Latex Bed: A type of total enclosure fetishism which involves a device made of airtight latex or PVC, designed to tightly encase a person using suction (via a vacuum pump), creating intense sensory and restraint experiences. It could be dangerous, especially if done alone.
Vacuum Blowjob: The depiction of an exaggerated blowjob (typically in hentai) resembling the appearance and strength of a powered vacuum hose.
Vaginal Fingering: Stimulation of the vagina with a digit or two.
Vaginal Fisting: Penetration of one or more hands into a vagina.
Vaginal Prolapses: A form of extreme stretching which results in at least one pelvic organ protruding into the vagina.
Vampires/Vampirism: Humanoids with supernatural abilities that require human blood to sustain themselves.
Vibrators: Electronic vibrating toys for massaging and stimulating pleasure.
Virtual Reality (VR): Sexual activities or media taking place in virtual reality.
Vomit/Puke (Emetophilia): Arousal from puking,and being puked on.,and sometimes smegma.
Voyeurism: Arousal from watching others undress, naked, or engaging in sexual activities.
VTubers: Arousal and attraction towards VTubers, lewd actions, and depictions of them.
Wardrobe Malfunction: Arousal from or seeing an accidental exposure of intimate clothing or body parts due to clothing failure, often in public or high-profile situations.
Warrior Women: Attraction to female fighters, soldiers, or combatants.
Watersports (Urolagnia): Arousal from being pissed on or in one's mouth and/or orifaces.
Wax Play: Dipping warm wax (usually from candles designed for body safety) onto a partner's skin.
Weight Gain (Heavy): A fetish or fantasy involving significant, often exaggerated weight gain, sometimes linked to feederism.
Weight Gain (Light): A milder version of weight gain fetishism, focusing on slight or soft plumpness rather than extreme size.
Weight Loss: A fetish or kink centered on the process or result of losing weight, sometimes tied to control, discipline, or transformation fantasies.
Werewolves (Lycanthropes): Primal canines, supernatural hybrid and not, tied to instincts.
Wet And Messy (WAM/Sploshing): A fetish involving covering a person (or oneself) in messy substances like food, mud, slime, or whipped cream.
Wet Dreams: Involuntary erotic dreams that result in orgasm during sleep (nocturnal emission).
Wetlook (Wet Clothes): Arousal from the look of wet clothing or the feeling while wearing them.
Whipping: Arousal from the act of whipping or being whipped.
Witches/Wizards: Figures associated with magic and spells.
Woundfucking: Arousal from penetrating open wounds or surgical sites.
X-Rays: Seeing beneath clothing/skin, often via artistic, fictional, or technological depictions, usually to see penetration or creampies.
Xenomorphs: Attraction to xenomorphs, the jet black aliens from the movie franchise 'Alien'.
Xenophilia: Attraction to foreigners, their behaviours, accents, etc.
Yanderes: Individuals (usually in anime) that are obsessively loving and protective, sometimes to the point of jealous violence.
Yoga Theme/RP: Arousal from scenarios involving the activity of yoga.
Yukkuri (Touhou Characters): A specifically fan-made depiction of characters from the Touhou Project.
Zentai (Bodystockings): Arousal that involves being totally enclosed in nylon 'bodystockings'.
Zettai Ryouiki (Absolute Territory): Arousal from the area of bare skin between thigh-high socks (or stockings) and a short skirt or shorts.
Zoophilia: Attraction to non-human animals.
Zoosadism: Arousal from inflicting pain on animals.
